_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

all changes from vanilla template

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://rsl.ethz.ch/the-lab/people.html'>Robotic Systems Lab - ETH Zurich</a> / <a href='https://al.is.mpg.de/people'>Max Planck Institute</a>
profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---


I finished my Ph.D. in robotics at the Robotic Systems Lab at **ETH Zurich** and the **Max Planck Institute** for Intelligent Systems, co-advised by Marco Hutter and Georg Martius.
My research focuses on **Learning Perception and Navigation for Legged Robots**.

During my Bachelor's, I worked at the chair for **High Performance Humanoid Technologies** with Prof. Tamim Asfour (KIT, Germany) and conducted my Bachelor's Thesis with Prof. Takamitsu Matsubara in Japan (NAIST, Japan).
I worked as a **Collaborative Robotics Engineer** at SEW-Eurodrive before starting my Master's in **Robotics Systems and Control** at ETH Zurich. Throughout my Master's I was supervised by Prof. Roland Siegwart and spent most of my time at the **Autonmous Systems Lab**.

During my Ph.D. I joined **NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory** as a visiting researcher and continuously collaborate with the Dynamic Robotic Systems Group by Prof. Maurice Fallon at **University of Oxford**.
Feel free to reach out to me! I am always happy to discuss and exchange research ideas.

<div style="margin-top: 50px; margin-bottom: 0px;">
</div>
### contact
Feel free to reach out to me via email or LinkedIn. If you are a student looking for project opportunities, I would greatly appreciate it if you could make the process smoother by including the following in your message:
- Your project ideas or areas of interest
- Your transcript of records
- Your CV
Looking forward to hearing from you!

<div style="margin-top: 50px; margin-bottom: 0px;">
</div>
